feat(args): add `--ignore-tags` argument (#696)
orhun/git-cliff: website/docs/usage/args.md

    --exclude-path <PATTERN>...  Sets the path to exclude related commits [env: GIT_CLIFF_EXCLUDE_PATH=]
    --tag-pattern <PATTERN>      Sets the regex for matching git tags [env: GIT_CLIFF_TAG_PATTERN=]
    --with-commit <MSG>...       Sets custom commit messages to include in the changelog [env: GIT_CLIFF_WITH_COMMIT=]

>     --ignore-tags <PATTERN>      Sets custom ignore_tags [env: GIT_CLIFF_IGNORE_TAGS=]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --ignore-tags <PATTERN>      Sets the tags to ignore in the changelog [env: GIT_CLIFF_IGNORE_TAGS=]
```

Author: https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff/pull/696/commits/bf4012fb3a4aa902cb5f99446efa293558133e02
